Manoj Mukherjee
Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh
To contribute in a challenging environment with my skills and abilities to help achieve the 
Company's goals and objectives. 
 
Delhi Public School, (Affiliated to CBSE, New Delhi) Moradabad
Work Experience
Application for the post of PGT-Computer Science(IP)
PGT-Computer Science - Delhi, Delhi
January 2007 to Present
Job Involved: -Teaching class 9th to 12th class 
-Subjects: Visual Basic, Business data process, Access, 
Excel, Multimedia, internet, c, c++, java, SQL, HTML etc 
-Making live projects to make student understand practical 
- Motivating student to do their best without any presser of work 
- Always trying to make lesson more interesting by interaction of students and making models, assignments and project 
- Test in the end of each lesson that make them to remember fresh 
topic 
- Maintenance of Web Site etc. etc.
Sr. Process Executive (Quality)
R SYSTEM INTERNATIONAL - Noida, Uttar Pradesh
December 2004 to 2008
Duration: Dec 2004 to 2008 
Job Involved: Handling team of 15 members and Monitoring and Maintaining production and Quality standards. Preparing management reports - daily, weekly and monthly on both process & resources. Remote transition of medical & Mortgage billing process. Quality monitoring. Client relationship management. Identify and proactively resolve potential people issues.
Software Consultant-Software Quality Testing
REGAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PVT LTD
July 2003 to December 2004
SUZUKI 
Location: Regal Information Technology Pvt Ltd 
Platform: Windows XP/2000 
Language: Visual Basic 6 
Database: Ms Access 
Team Size: 10 
Sales Invoice system is an application. This system contains facilities for tracking enquiry, booking & invoicing the vehicles according to the booking order. There is also provision for monthly and yearly reports. This system explores the facilities of GUI. 
Responsibilities: 
• Review Test cases. 
• Tracking and maintaining the defects. 
• Performed Functional, Integration, Regression testing, Performance 
Testing
Education
Msc. in computer science
M. D University
2004
Skills
c (3 years), Excel (3 years), HTML (3 years), java (3 years), Visual Basic (4 years)
Additional Information
Technical proficiency 
 
Testing Tools: Win Runner, Rational Tools. 
Bug Tracking Tool: Bugzilla, MS-Excel, Access, Words 
Language: C, C++, Visual Basic and C#, Java, 
Web: HTML, XML, JavaScript, VBScript, Flash, Coral Draw. 
RDBMS: Oracle, SQL Server, MS Access. 
Operating Systems: Windows XP, 8/ NT, MS-DOS.