Rahul Vhayaskar
Dhule, Maharashtra
Work Experience
Android Application Developer
Adler Solutions pvt ltd - Pune, Maharashtra
February 2016 to Present
Sr android application developer
Android Application Developer as trainee
quaganitia system pvt ltd,pune - Pune, Maharashtra
February 2015 to Present
Android Application Developer
ECS Technologies Pvt. Ltd. - Pune, Maharashtra
January 2015 to January 2016
Android application developer
java treinne
epta technology - Pune, Maharashtra
January 2013 to May 2013
Responsibilities 
hanadlig tools and application  
 
Accomplishments 
understanding java cocept 
 
Skills Used 
java oracle
Android Application Developer as trianee
quagnitia system pvt ltd,pune - Pune, Maharashtra
Education
B.E in Engineering
North Maharashtra University Jalgaon, Maharashtra
2010 to 2013
Gangamai College of Engineering Dhule, Maharashtra
2010
H.S.C
Gandi & Fule (tech) Vidyalya College Khede Dist Dhule Dhule, Maharashtra
2006
Skills
Google Analytics (2 years), Google map (2 years), Firebase notification (Less than 1 year), knet Pament gateway (1 year), web socket implemention (1 year)
Links
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.adler.umbrella
Certifications/Licenses
android traineeing
Additional Information
Programming Languages: C, C++, and Java. 
J2EE : JDBC, Servlet, JSP. 
Framework : Hibernate, Struts. 
IDE : editplus, Eclipse, NetBeans. 
Database : Oracle10g/11g, MySql. 
Web Server : Tomcat server 7. 
Operating Systems : Windows. 
 
project 
1. Admission information system  
This system simplifies day to day operation of a Admission which enables you to maintain Admission detail to keep a record of all the inquiry, admission, payment in a Particular day month and year. Using this system, a user can easily find out the student detail by view repot easily update all detail related student Course and payment. 
Organization : Genius Carrier Academy.  
Year of the Project: June 2014. 
Role Played : Developer And DBA. 
Technology : Java (Swing, JDBC), Oracle 10g. 
Tools : Net Beans IDE, Oracle application.  
 
2. Study and analysis String Matching Algorithm. 
This Project finding total 32 string matching algorithm finding which algorithm is best or data searching engine purpose. To study and analysis the five best algorithm. 
Organization : Godavari College of engineering.  
Year of the Project: March 2013. 
Role Played : Developer.  
Technology : Java. 
Tools : Eclipse IDE. 
 
Project Name : My Health care wishes  
Team Size : 4 Members 
Project Duration in weeks: work in progress 
Client : Quagnitia system pvt ltd,pune Tools & Technologies used : 
Roles & Responsibility : Developing & Designing  
Project Description : this apps stores All the Details About users ‘Health care Whishes Overview’, ’Advance care Plan’, ’Medical Emergency Information’, ’Health Insurance and specialists’.  
• Android Technology. 
• Eclipse IDE.