Shashwat Siddhant
Data Scientist Fellow - The Upscale

Faridabad, Haryana
To secure a position where I can efficiently contribute my skills and abilities to the growth of the 
organization and build my professional career.
Work Experience
Data Scientist Fellow
The Upscale - New Delhi, Delhi
May 2017 to Present
India 
 
Micro finance project - Credit Profiling using Machine Learning and Data Science techniques. 
 
Blockchain project - Convolutional Neural Networks implemented in Python.
Algorithm Developer & Data Analyst
Fanzoo Sports Tech Pvt Ltd - New Delhi, Delhi
December 2016 to May 2017
India 
 
Auto pick feature - Greedy algorithm implementation in Python using sports data set. 
 
Pricing equation - Multivariable Regression analysis to make player salaries dynamic. 
 
Twitter AI Bot - Using Twitter API's and Microsoft Bot framework to automate marketing of product. 
 
Fantasy Player Projections - Prediction model using ML to predict a player's performance.
Summer Research Intern
Indian Institute of Science - Bangalore, Karnataka
June 2016 to July 2016
Content development and handling social media accounts. 
June 1st, 2016 - July 16th, 2016 
Summer Research Intern Indian Institute of Science Bengaluru, India 
 
One of the 50 out of 2500 applicants chosen to be a research intern. 
 
Transmission system using HTTP Requests between IoT device (R pi model 3 b and Arduino 
Nano) and server. 
 
Analysis and prediction of sensor data using Artificial Neural Network (ANN) on server system and its live graphical representation. 
 
Co-authored a paper with a fellow intern under the guidance of Research Technologist Mr. Puneet 
Sharma and Senior Professor Dr. Vijay Mishra. Paper on "Graphical analysis of Real-Time 
Data from IoT" accepted and published in an international journal (IJISR)
Education
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science Engineering
Manipal Institute of Technology
May 2017
Skills
ASP (Less than 1 year), ASP.NET (Less than 1 year), C (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), Python. (Less than 1 year)
Links
http://shashwatsiddhant.strikingly.com/
Publications
Security in NFC
http://www.ijtre.com/images/scripts/2015030219.pdf
October 2015
Graphical Representation of Real-Time Data from IoT
http://www.issr-journals.org/links/papers.php?journal=ijisr&application=pdf&article=IJISR-16-210-05
October 2016
Additional Information
Skills: Python Data Science Machine Learning C C++ Java C# HTML ASP.NET