Souradip Mukherjee
Data Science Intern

Ahmadpur, Maharashtra
Observe. Learn. Initiate. Execute. Succeed ..Repeat. 
I would like to invest myself in the field of statistical analysis, where I would get opportunity to utilize 
my analytical skills for developing qualitative and quantitative research initiatives, which will have a 
valuable impact towards achieving business requirements in stipulated time as well as, enrich my 
knowledge about the relevant field.
Work Experience
Data Science Intern
PRM fincon - Kolkata, West Bengal
March 2017 to May 2017
Till now I have done some basic Statistical modeling, such as Linear regression, Principal Component 
regression, Vector autoregressive modeling (VAR) using Python (StatsModels, scikit-learn, numpy, 
pandas, datetime), Market Basket Analysis (Association rules: Apriori) using R (arules), Recency- Frequency-Monetary (RFM) model for customer segmentation using Python, Decision tree.
Project Assistant-II
CSIR-National Chemical Laboratory - Pune, Maharashtra
October 2016 to March 2017
HOPE project under 12th fifth year plan. There my basic duty was to model the disease data at population level. Hot-Spot detection through various statistical techniques ( like Global 
Moran's I, Local Moran's I, Global G, etc.), understanding of local spatiotemporal variation, Bayes 
estimation of rates.
M.Sc Student
University of Burdwan - Barddhaman, West Bengal
August 2015 to August 2015
M.Sc project: titled as New probability distribution, with an aspect to a lifetime distribution with Dr. Umesh Singh, Dr. Sanjay singh, And Dr. Dinesh Kumar. In our article we have propose a transformation of cdf to get another cdf. The article is focused on lifetime distribution. Later a model is introduced by the use of the proposed function, considering Weibull distribution as baseline distribution. We have studied some of its statistical properties e.g. hazard rate function, order statistics, survival function etc. Also, we have shown its applicability to a real data set.
Education
M.Sc in Statistics
The University of Burdwan Barddhaman, West Bengal
2016
B.Sc
West Bengal State University Statistics Bidhannagar, WEST BENGAL, IN
2014
Hare School
2011
MLE in N-P lemma
Ahmadpur Joy Durga School Ahmadpur, Maharashtra
2009
Skills
Matlab (Less than 1 year), Minitab (Less than 1 year), Python (Less than 1 year), SPSS (Less than 1 year)
Links
http://academic.ncl.res.in/rr.sarkar/members
Publications
The New Probability Distribution: An Aspect to a Life Time Distribution
http://www.naturalspublishing.com/files/published/2v1odl11nc6311.pdf
January 2017
We have proposed a method to construct a new distribution on the basis of any two baseline independent 
continuous distributions on the same spectrum and studied some statistical properties of the proposed distribution. Further, for 
application point of view, we have derived it for Weibull distribution as a baseline distribution and proved its application in comparison 
to the other well known distributions like gamma, Weibull and exponentiated exponential distribution in terms of fitting a real data 
through AIC, BIC test and log likelihood (LL) criterion of goodness of fit.
Additional Information
Computer Skills: 
Operating Systems: WINDOWS, U-BUNTU 
Programming Languages & Software familiar with: R, Python, Matlab, Statistica, Minitab, GeoDa, SPSS