Babli Bisht
Android application Developer having 3.5 year experience

Gurgaon, Haryana
➢ To work as a key player in a challenging and creative environment. 
➢ To obtain a position in your organization through which i can achieve and provide success and growth for myself and your organization.
Work Experience
Android Application Developer
Interglobe Technologies - Gurgaon, Haryana
November 2016 to Present
Android application developer
Android application developer
Xicom Technology - Delhi, Delhi
August 2014 to May 2016
 3 years of experience in Android app development. 
 Working experience on Android UI design. 
 Having good knowledge of Android basic concepts. 
 Proficient in Android SQLite Database 
 Proficient knowledge of JSON parsing, Google Maps, Google Cloud Messaging. 
 A Committed team player with organizational and interpersonal skills.
Android Application Developer
Toxsl Technology - Mohali, Punjab
November 2013 to May 2014
Responsibilities 
Android Application Development
Software Engineer
Aricent Group - Gurgaon, Haryana
August 2012 to August 2013
Education
MTech in Electronics ( Instrumentation & Control )
Thapar University Patiala Patiala, Punjab
2010 to 2012
Skills
Android
Additional Information
Project # SongDez 
Duration : Nov’16 – till Now 
Its a hotel booking application. The user can be guest user or can create account with the application. User will be able to search among the hotels by entering name, checkin, checkout date etc. User can select particular hotel to view the room details etc.  
 
Project # Snapsellers 
Duration : Feb’16 - May’16 
 
Its a free classified app that lets you buy and sell the products. User can register with the app. They can then upload the products pics and description. The home section will display the all new products uploaded by all users. The app will display the distance of products from user’s current location. User can search through the products. They can make offer for the products. The seller can accept from all the offers made by different users. Then they can initiate chat. 
 
Project # Wallimah Whitswan 
Duration : Aug’15 - May’16 
 
This is a cookery application that allows the users to add recopies with image, ingredient & detail steps. The users can also login/register via social networking credentials. Authenticate users can participate in recipe competitions. User can also share the recipe on social networking (facebook, twitter). User can mark the favourite recipes. This application supports both English & Arabic language(right to left).  
Project # CallTrax 
Duration : June’15 - May’16 
 
With the application you can attach a note to a contact or a phone number. The next time when you call this number or receive call from this number note will appear on the screen. Application allow user to create alert on notes. Application displays the call log. User can create groups and can set the different styles for notes. The application shows the total call duration per note.  
 
Project # The Autism Guide 
Duration : May’15- May’16 
 
Autism Guide is a informative app that provide the details of autism. The user can create account & can provide their child’s info suffering with autism. Application shows the US state’s statistics data of autism. Applications display the news, events section that shows the upcoming events related to autism. User can read about autism pedia in the different sections of app. 
 
Project # Prope 
Duration : June’15- June’15 
 
Application allow user to scan the surrounding to find out who is close by our location with 50 meters range .The use can receive a list of users in your proximity. The user can links to their Facebook timeline. The user is capable to be visible or invisible just by switching the device on or off. Only users that have install the app on their device can be found. 
Project # WorldLottery 
Duration : Nov’14 – May’15  
 
This application will work as lottery application. The users can register with the application to create account. They can buy the tickets after choosing the ticket numbers. There would be timer that would display the time of the draw. The users can view the previous lottery results. The would be push notifications regarding the lottery result, draw time etc. The user can view the previous purchased tickets. They can share app on social networking platforms. 
Project # POS: 
Duration : Aug’14- June’15 
 
This application serves as a POS( point of sale ) purpose. User can login to the application. Certain roles are defined for the user & access is granted accordingly. User can add & delete meals & calculation of total meal would be done as per selection.. Some meals plans are granted to the student on weekly basis. The user can scan bar code to get to know the meal plans that are granted to student. This app works in online/offline mode. We have used local sqlite database to store all the offline/online data. All the offline data would be sync to the server during login in online mode. 
 
Project # ZakatCalculator 
Duration : Aug’14- May’15 
 
This application works as a zakat calculator. Zakat is payment made annually under Islamic law on certain kinds of property and used for charitable and religious purposes. Users can register with the application by providing email & password. The application calculates zakat by using predefined percentage provided by client. User can store & view his zakat calculations & can make changes. User can change the language & currency & can also share on facebook, whats app & instagram.