Sunil Singh
Software Engineer - Invenger technologies, Duration of October 2015 to Till now.

Bangalore, Karnataka
❖ Having around 3 years of IT experience in developing and maintaining 
Client/Server, Web based Applications using JAVA and J2EE. 
❖ Strong Programming Knowledge in Java, Jsp, Servlets, Hibernate, Struts, 
Spring. 
❖ Experience on Ajax, jQuery, Web service. 
❖ Experience in core java technologies. 
❖ Develop components using Hibernate. 
❖ Good understanding over the web and application servers like Tomcat, Web 
sphere and Web logic. 
❖ Good programming, Analytical and Trouble Shooting skills. 
❖ Good analytical abilities, quick grasping power zeal for learning new things. 
❖ Good understanding Oracle, MySQL database. 
❖ Dynamic, highly motivated and result-oriented professional.
Work Experience
Java Developer
INVENGER TECHNOLOGIES - Bangalore, Karnataka
October 2015 to Present
Java Programmer
Software Engineer
IBM India (Pvt) Ltd, Duration of August 2014 to October - Bangalore, Karnataka
August 2014 to October 2015
Software Engineer
Education
BTech in IT
SRM University Chennai, Tamil Nadu
July 2011 to May 2015
Skills
Apache (2 years), billing (Less than 1 year), Coding (3 years), database. (3 years), Eclipse (3 years)
Additional Information
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 
Operating System: Windows and UNIX 
J2EE Technologies: Core java, Servlets, JSP, JDBC 
Web Technologies: HTML, JavaScript 
Frameworks /Methodologies: Mvc Struts, Spring, Hibernate 
Database: Oracle, My Sql 
Servers: Apache Tomcat, Websphere 
IDE Tools: Eclipse, RSA, MyEclipse 
PROJECT #1: 
 
PROJECT Enterprise Reservations Rich Internet Application 
Client Allinclusiveoutlet.com 
Duration February 2017 to till date. 
Team Size 5 
Environment Software Tools& Technologies: Java, Servlets, JSP, HTML, Java Script, 
Struts, Hibernate, web services, Spring, WebLogic Server, 
Oracle Server. 
 
Description: 
 
The Customer interacts with the RIA reservations system through one of several input forms, or 
entry points into the reservations system. Our existing business process limits the Customers ability to 
make changes to their criteria on-the-fly, filter results, and receive a more comprehensive result set. 
Regardless of feature limitations, a fixed set of input criteria is required at any particular entry point. The 
mandatory parameters, and their criteria, required performing a single instance of an Agent Gateway 
request, and the desired expanded multi-request model parameter functionality An Agent Gateway request 
is expressed using XML. 
 
Roles & Contribution: 
❖ Analyze the system requirements. 
❖ Preparing Design documents from SRD 
❖ Implemented Action Classes 
❖ Implemented Business logic based on the requirements 
❖ Implemented Dao's and their implementations With Hibernate. 
❖ Implemented Hibernate Components. 
❖ Prepared the Unit Test Plan and Results and System Test Plan and 
Results documents. 
 
PROJECT #2: 
 
PROJECT TCOE 
Duration November 2015 to February 2017. 
Role Team Member 
Environment Software Tools & Technologies: java, Jsp, Servlets, Hibernate, Struts, 
(With skill Webservices, WebLogic server, Windows. 
versions) Database: Oracle 
Operating System: windows XP 
Description: 
Take Charge of Education is Target visa card application. COE application used to enroll the 
school information to the visa card users and allow searching the school information and designating 
school to the target visa card. COE is used to update and view the school information and allow Target 
visa card user to deactivate school with the appropriate description. 
 
Roles & Contribution: 
 
❖ Preparing Design documents from HLD 
❖ Implemented Action Classes 
❖ Implemented Business logic based on the requirements 
❖ Implemented Dao's and their implementations With Hibernate. 
❖ Implemented Hibernate Components. 
❖ Prepared the Unit Test Plan and Results and System Test Plan and 
Results documents. 
 
PROJECT #3: 
 
PROJECT Global Integrated Order Management System 
Duration August 2014 to October 2015. 
Role Team Member 
Environment Software Tools & Technologies: Java, Struts, Hibernate, Jsp, Eclipse. 
(With skill Database: Oracle 
versions) Operating System: windows XP 
 
Description: 
 
AT&T is the largest provider of local and large distance telephone services in the United States 
and also sales digital subscriber line internet. It supports the broadband functionalities like ordering, 
billing and servicing. It is a requirement for GIOM to be migration to the existing system, with a different 
framework design Integrated Order Management System (GIOM) provide to process different orders 
coming from different external systems. 
 
Roles & Contribution: 
 
❖ Involved in Active Coding of Core Java classes. 
❖ I have implemented validation framework using Struts. 
❖ Creating/updating tables when necessary. 
❖ Developed user interface using JSP. 
❖ Developing the POJO Classes. 
❖ Coded java beans.