Shekhar Jadhav
Data Science Leader with 13+ years of multi-domain experience

Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra
• Led global advanced customer analytics delivery for the world's largest container shipping company. Led teams located in three international locations. Serviced 8 regional & 52 area executive teams. Created a flexible service delivery model to include fixed & ad-hoc analytics requirements. 
• Developed Analytics Service offerings & catalogue for Global Service Centre's for the world's largest shipping company. The entire analytics service delivery function today has more than 350 FTE's spread across five locations in Asia. 
• Designed and implemented a customer churn model for one of the leading insurance companies. Oversaw the transition to full-scale service delivery. The model was able to save USD 4.5 million in revenue as compared to chance over a period of one year. 
• Designed and implemented upselling model for world's largest credit card issuer for its North American mid-income range of cards. Transitioned from early stage PoC to full-fledged near shore delivery model. The model was able to improve the upselling rate by 14%, thus adding additional USD 12 million in revenue for the geography. Created the service delivery model for global replication. 
• Led various lean transformation delivery projects across 12 different locations using the local team & in-house consulting team. The combined potential of these implementations is estimated to be in the range of USD 18 - 20 million per annum. 
• Have led delivery on more than 22 Business Intelligence architecture & technology selection studies for various clients. 
• Have led the delivery to build & deploy more than 30 final predictive model to various clients, resulting multi-million dollars in savings or additional revenue growth. 
• Consistently introduced next generation technologies, processes & methods. Have received various commendations from senior management 
• Designed various proposals for Analytics technology selection & played a key role in defining the analytics platform for various clients 
• Introduced the adoption of the LAMP; Hadoop & MEAN stack for the execution of Big Data analytics roadmap implementation. Used virtual private cloud setup to deliver analytics services. 
• Assisted in the setup of 4 BICC's for clients with global presence. Created the framework for Business Intelligence service delivery & innovation. 
• Consistently delivered projects within budgets & achieved an average operating margin in excess of 30%. Have managed analytics delivery budget in excess of USD 5 million annually. 
• Sourced, evaluated & managed all analytics technology & services vendors for world's largest shipping giant. 
• Have a very strong record of setting up high performance analytics delivery teams. Have defined analytics talent recruitment framework for the world's largest shipping company.
Work Experience
Data Science Leader - Global Technology Services
IBM - Bangalore, Karnataka
February 2016 to Present
1. Part of Global CoE responsible for end-to-end Pre-Sales, Design, Development & Delivery H/O for Global Strategic Clients for all IT Operations Analytics Services. Act as a Lead Architect on such engagements & be the primary face of IBM for the clients. ITOA services include but are not limited to: Cognitive, M2M, Predictive & Prescriptive solutions having high impact transformation, innovation & value index for our clients 
2. Responsible for Capability Development, Thought Capital Development, 3rd party products, platforms & services recommendation, testing & alliances. Actively developing Analytics Roadmap & Framework for multiple domains within Enterprise IT Services space. 
3. Have been engaged on multiple USD 100+ Million accounts. Have led numerous client solutions journey discussions & consultations 
4. Responsible for development & deployment of Big Data Platform for Enterprise Data Analytics Service. Member of the Watson Cognitive Solutions development team for Enterprise Data Analytics Service. 
5. Responsible for the Centralized Delivery Team of Engagement Analytics for IBM GTS group. Provide differentiation through Analytics for IBM’s bid for new & renegotiation accounts. Applicable on all deals in excess of USD 10 Million TCV
Global OPEX Navigator - Global Operations
Damco India Pvt Ltd - Mumbai, Maharashtra
January 2014 to December 2015
1. Led implementation teams for Global OPEX framework deployment at 12 locations. Successfully delivering each time within budget Projected impact of USD 18 million in productivity & operational quality enhancements 
2. Contributed & developed the global implementation framework. 
3. Coached & mentored team members & various mid-level managers at deployment locations
Manager - Analytics & Big Data
Accenture India Pvt. Ltd - Mumbai, Maharashtra
October 2012 to January 2014
1. Led & successfully completed various client PoC's, mentored junior colleagues 
2. Played an active part in defining analytics technologies & platform 
3. Delivered HR analytics blueprint for Accenture NA
Service Improvement Manager & Senior Manager
Maersk Global Services
August 2010 to October 2012
1. Led global customer analytics delivery. Recruited, trained & mentored junior colleagues 
2. Selected & managed all analytics technologies & vendors 
3. Developed blueprint for the extended analytics service function for the shared services centre's
Consultant & Senior Consultant - Business Intelligence & Analytics
Nimbus Solutions
May 2002 to July 2010
1. Led pan-India Sales & Marketing operations for Category A ISP 
2. Led client delivery teams to deliver engagements in Business Intelligence & Analytics practice 
3. Recruited, trained & mentored junior colleagues
Education
M.B.A. in Marketing & Operations
South Mountain University
2007
B.S. in Information Systems
South Mountain University
2005
H.S.C
Maharashtra State Secondary and Higher Secondary Board Mumbai, Maharashtra
2002
S.S.C in General
Maharashtra State Secondary and Higher Secondary Board Mumbai, Maharashtra
2000
Skills
Analytics (10+ years), Business Analysis (10+ years), Operations Research (6 years), Machine Learning (7 years), Artificial Intelligence (5 years), Robotic Process Automation (3 years), Six Sigma (9 years), Pre-sales (8 years), Data Mining (9 years), Data Warehousing (10+ years), Big Data (4 years), Deep Learning (Less than 1 year), Consulting (9 years), Strategy (6 years)
Links
https://www.linkedin.com/in/shekhar-jadhav-773792b8/
Awards
Innovation Leadership Award for Cognitive Solutions
April 2017
Awarded the “Innovation Leadership Award for Cognitive Solutions” for Q1 2017 by Global VP & CTO for Global Technology Services in IBM 
Inducted in the “GTS Wall of Fame” for delivering innovative Cognitive & Advanced Analytics solutions for our clients