Karthikeyan P
Senior Research Analyst at Relationship Science (Relsci) . Formely known

Chennai, Tamil Nadu
➢ 5 years of experience in MIS reporting and Data analysis. 
➢ Preparing the Productivity, Quality and SLA Report for all the Sites on weekly, monthly and quarterly basis. 
➢ Power point slide presentation to onshore supervisors and other Site on the Productivity, Quality Reports on monthly basics. 
➢ Developed required business MIS formats and Data Analysis. 
➢ Good in using excel shortcuts to timely delivery of reports. 
➢ Prepare Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Quarterly and yearly comparison reports with dashboards.
Work Experience
Senior Research Analyst at Relationship Science (Relsci) . Formely known
Connectivity Data Systems, LLC - Chennai, Tamil Nadu
March 2011 to May 2016
Chennai, From (March 2011 - May 2016) 
 
About Company: 
Relationship Science (Relsci) . Formely known as (Connectivity Data Systems, LLC) gives you the information that helps corporations, financial institutions and nonprofit organizations gain a deeper understanding of their relationships with influential decision makers - what we call their "relationship capital." 
 
Corporations: We work with law firms, accounting firms, consulting firms, marketing services and Fortune 1000 companies. 
 
Financial Institutions: We work with investment banks, private equity firms, wealth managers and hedge funds. 
 
Nonprofits: We work with cause-based organizations and higher education institutions. 
 
Data Analysis: 
➢ CRM. 
➢ Validating and Collecting Data from Websities. 
➢ Validating information given by other island (FactSet, Morning Star, Guidestar, etc.) and entering into the tool. 
➢ Building up business tool by segregating the information. 
➢ Planning and Managing of Marketing Research and Promotion. 
➢ Linking back end data of tool to the front end. 
➢ Logging in to the front end of the tool and Quality Checking it. 
➢ Troubleshooting at the back end to fix up front end appearance. 
➢ Collating trackers. 
➢ Raising up queries to New York Office and receiving feedback. 
➢ NPD (Non-Profit Organization): To collect the information of the Donor to the Charitable Organization and about his membership and role in the organization. 
➢ Entity Profiling Suites: An external search was done to collect additional information about the person and data were stored in the data base. 
➢ To generate and maintain the Daily tracker, leave tracker and the Productivity and Error Details reports. 
➢ Vlookup and logical functions such as if, countif, sumif, countifs, sumifs etc., are used to populate the report data based on the existing data. 
➢ Good at all the logical, text, dated and arithmetic formulas. 
➢ Mainly Using Vlookup, Pivot Table, Auto-Filter and Macros for generating the Reports. 
➢ Comfortable with generic Excel Formulas and Data Validations. 
➢ Preparing Day End Report. 
MIS (Management Information Systems) 
 
The Reporting team is responsible for producing Standard and Ad-hoc Reports. Standard Reports are produced on a given particular day of the week as per the management requirement and Ad-hoc Reports are produced as and when requested by the management. This role is actively involved in producing all kind of reports and creating simple and complex queries, operational procedures & policies. 
 
➢ Maintain MIS findings and generate suitable reports. 
➢ Vlookup and logical functions such as if, countif, iferror, sumif, countifs, sumifs, offset etc., are used to populate the report data based on the existing data. 
➢ Good at all the logical, text, dated and arithmetic formulas. 
➢ Mainly Using Vlookup, Pivot Table, and Auto-Filter for generating the Reports. 
➢ VLOOKUP and HLOOKUP, MATCH, INDEX formulas with different models 
Comfortable with generic Excel Formulas and Data Validations conditional formatting. 
➢ Knowledge on Advanced Filtering. 
➢ Coordinate with process managers for data collation and reporting. 
➢ Preparing Day End report. 
➢ Preparing manuals for all reports and providing training through Microsoft LYNC. 
➢ Knowledge on Basics Macros Programming. 
 
PREVIOUS EXPEREIENCE:
ZANEC Technologies, India and UK
2010 to 2010
Carried out Information Security Audit at ZANEC Technologies, a software development company with passion for innovation and deep know how of transforming ideas into products. The audit included assessment of physical and environmental factors and network security.
Education
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science in SPECIAL EXPERTISE
Sathyabama University
2005 to 2008
PGDip in Information Security
University of Salford Salford, UK
school and school life
Skills
Desktop Applications (Less than 1 year), Excel (5 years), Microsoft Office (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office 2000 (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Outlook. (Less than 1 year)
Additional Information
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
➢ Desktop Applications: Microsoft Office […] 
Microsoft Outlook. 
➢ Packages: Advanced Excel.